src/reflections/wk4/quiz4.md, before:

# UnderStanding Asynchronous Code, and API's

**1.** What is the difference between `asynchronous` code and `synchronous` code?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**2.** What is an event listener?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**3.** What does the `O` represent in the `SOLID` principles?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**4.** What is a callback / higher order function?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**5.** What is a `promise`? How do you capture an error from a `promise`?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**6.** Name three processes used to make requests over `HTTP`?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**7.** What does the `API` acronym stand for?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**8.** In the `MVC` design pattern, who is responsible for making calls to `APIs`?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**9.** What is the purpose of encapsulation in programming?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**10.** What is `HTTP` response code for a successful request?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**11.** What is a 500 error?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```

Commit message:

day2 journal complete with afternoon link

src/reflections/wk4/quiz4.md, after:

# UnderStanding Asynchronous Code, and API's

**1.** What is the difference between `asynchronous` code and `synchronous` code?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
Synchronous code is linear, it reads out much like a book, from start to finish.  It runs the code in sequence.
Asynchronous is a fluid way of coding.  It allows for the code to continue running while another aspect may be waiting to load.  It allows for a smoother performance of your code. 
```
**2.** What is an event listener?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
An event listener is function that watches for an event to happen.  Once that event happens, the event listener is triggered and usually envokes another action or function.
```
**3.** What does the `O` represent in the `SOLID` principles?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
Open-Closed principle
    It states to leave your code open for extension, but closed to modification.
```
**4.** What is a callback / higher order function?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**5.** What is a `promise`? How do you capture an error from a `promise`?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
A promis is an object with three states: pending, resolved, and rejected.  An error from a promise is captured with the ".catch()" method.
```
**6.** Name three processes used to make requests over `HTTP`?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
Get, Post, Put, and Delete
```
**7.** What does the `API` acronym stand for?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
Application Programing Interface
```
**8.** In the `MVC` design pattern, who is responsible for making calls to `APIs`?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
The Service.
```
**9.** What is the purpose of encapsulation in programming?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**10.** What is `HTTP` response code for a successful request?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```

```
**11.** What is a 500 error?
<!-- enter you answer in the space below -->
```
It is a server error response indicating that the server encountered  an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.  It is usually a general "catch-all" error.
```
